The program takes 4 inputs which are for polynomial coefficients, guess, accuracy 
and iteration limit and gives one output for array of roots of a polynomial.

Coefficients will be collected in an array. With a method I will create a 
polynomial function with them. Guess is for getting a root. Accuracy is to get a
better approximation and finally Iteration is the number that how many the 
calculation will be recalculated 

First i started with strings file which is in the dimensions folder. I typed the
names and texts that will going to be presented on texts and buttons etc. Whit 
this way i can type id identifications and texts faster. Then I created 4 input,
1 output and 2 buttons; one is for adding coefficients to the array and the 
other one for finding roots. I’ve finished my work for app design

In main activity I created editTexts, text views etc. and initialised them in 
OnCreate section. Also I created two ArrayLists. One is for coefficients list 
and the other one is for rootsList (because there may be more then one root for
a polynomial)

I have set a clickListener for adding coefficients to an arrayList. Then I typed
my methods for evaluate a polynomial and finding derivative. Those will be used 
for finding root method.

I have set a clickListener for finding roots but I couldn’t call my evaluatePoly
and derivative methods. It gives error when i type it in the findRoots method. 
There are no other problem for my program I will try to solve this now 

I have solved the problem that I explained before but another problem has 
occurred that i can’t understand. My program gives an error at method calling 
section and I don’t know how to solve it. I gives me to change my method but 
that’s not the solution. Also couldn’t manage to set my solution to the output.

I have manage to set solution to the output but the other problem still remains.
It seems thats the only one problem. For now I have finished my work but I think
the solution is simple but I can’t see it now.


—findRoots—

Data definition: a double list of polynomial, a double guess, a double accuracy
limit, and an integer iteration limit

Contract: poly guess acclimit iterlimit —> root

Purpose: Find a root of a polynomial

Example:
 [x+1] —> -1.0
 [x^2-3x+2] —> 2.0


—evaluatePolynomial—

Data definition: a double list of polynomial and a double value 

Contract: poly x —> root

Purpose: Method gives a value of a polynomial for a value x 

Example:
[1 1] 1 —> 2.0
[1 2 3] 2 —> 17.0


—findDerivative—

Data definition: a double list of polynomial

Contract: poly —> derivative of poly

Purpose: Gives the first derivative of a polynomial

Example:
[3x^2+2x+1] —> 6x+2
[4x+5] —> 4.0


********* NEW STUFF ***********

I realized my mistake for last project. I have declared my variables as 
ArrayLists but I have initialised them as an array. Also I have miswrote the 
order of the variables so that my project didn’t work last time.

In this project I added new methods. They can be listed as: findAllRoots, 
addUniqueRoots, isRootInRoots and addRootToRoots.



—findAllRoots—

Data definition: Double list of Polynomial

Contract: Poly —> Roots

Purpose: Gives all roots of a polynomial

Example:
[2 3 1] —> [1.0 2.0]
[-1 0 1] —> [1.0 -1.0]



—addUniqueRoot—

Data definition: Unordered collection of unique roots stored in an array of doubles

Contract: Roots Root —> Roots

Purpose: Add valid root to roots

Example:
[] 1.0 —> [1]
[1.0] 1.0 —> [1]
[1.0] 0.99999 —> [1.0]



—addRootToRoots—

Data definition: root which is not in roots and roots which is unordered array 
of unique doubles

Contract: Roots Root —> Roots

Purpose: add value root to roots

Example
[] 3 —> [3.0]
[1.0 2.0 3.0] 4.0 —> [1.0 2.0 3.0 4.0]



—isRootInRoots—

Data definition: roots which is unordered value of unique roots and root is a 
double value

Contract: roots root —> boolean

Purpose: Is there a value in roots which is with in the accuracy limit from root?

Example:
[] 1.0 —> false
[1.0] 1.0 —> true
[1.0] 0.99999 —> true

In findAllRoot method we have to make a random guess but a couldn’t do it and i 
think variables that i typed into findRoots where is in findAllRoot method is wrong so that when i click the find roots button it, program fortunately doesn’t blow up freezes


